TODO: 

Fix angel of life bug. Angel won't seek base weapon if the base weapon is banned. 
Lox-level weps are not acquired until you actually run over the weapon. 
Fix is now in place to keep angelol from going off-orbit. 
This looks like it will take a lot of messing with the inventory tree. 

Add Gamma Ray Projector. 
(something like the IR laser in WOD 8 but the gamma ray cooks wall hiders) 

Add a Tournament mode. Special maplist? Countdown timer.  Spectators. Referee? 

Complete installation package for the LOX mod complete with 
necessary skins, PAKs and textures.  Installation program? 

Can't hit Escape to see Q2 menu when the scanner is up...must turn scanner off first. 

Do top-12 dogtag list on death but do sorted tagless full list on scoreboard request? 

COOPBUG: Debug COOP mode. Especially the special map items like CD keys, power cubes. 
If a player who picked up one of these items quits the game the items get lost. 
If a door key or CD is missing the story can't progress. 
Need to make dying/quitting players drop all the special items they carry, 
perhaps even letting them return to their proper map positions so players 
can find them easily. 

Slow down the rate of fire for cataclysm and napalm grenades. 

DMBUG: First angel spawned by the first player on a new server start doesn't show up. 
(It spawns invisible.) It only does this when custom_ents is 1. Same thing goes for 
first spawn of any item by first player, apparantly. 

DMBUG: R1Q2 server bitches in log about 
"GAME ERROR: cprintf to disconnected client" when a GameCam spectating player chats.

Debug and fix CTF Extinction mode. (in progress 12-12-04) (Deacon testing) 

CTFBUG: when rcon gamemap is issued to change to a different map, the 
points from the previous map are carried over to the next map.   

CTFBUG: if fake death is used while the main menu is up the server will crash.
(crash is in Cmd_FeignDeath, line 1116, 
self->client->ps.gunindex = gi.modelindex(self->client->pers.weapon->view_model); 
has null pers.weapon when client is not in the game yet.)


CTFBUG: When you enter the game and select your team, you will be in 
spectator mode, with only horizontal rotation and movement through 
keyboard movement binds ie. w,a,s,d.  Red team can be selected but 
Blue team doesnt work and puts you into spectator mode.  Also when 
two people are playing only the red team seems to work.  
Blue team puts you into spec. 

CTFBUG: When you select "Chase Cam" from the Menu upon entering, it 
will go to the player but it will freeze the menu in place still viewable. 

CTFBUG: not sure if this is a map/entity bug or LOX bug.  
Q2DM1 elevator upper and lower limits are off a bit, the elevator 
goes to the ceiling level and a little lower than the ground level.   

